most important take-away:
jquery is just a function named $
everything follows the same template: find->function->params
you can listen to events


recruiting:
solve business/people problems with software
she claims hybrid/fullstack and other wider experiecnes having more value
sometimes get a complicated and unanswerable question at invterviews. they expect u to look it up for next time
dev with 5 yr exp or dev with 1yr exp repeated 5x times
spec or generalist?
have technology books and a favorite to reference
hvae an idea of whats going on in he community
software engineering becoming more scientific and mature
practice explaining code to others
biggest accomplishment/failure in yuor code? hwo did u learn from failure?
every 6mo learn a new langu
can never have more than 3 ys exp in anything since it chnanges so fast
who will i be working with, whos the tech lead/mentor

30sec take-away: demonstrate passion, curiosity and eagerness to learn. Be aware of industry and technology trends (including people drama). Want people who think like engineers and are fun to work with.


JS and THIS:
#1 interview question for javascript:
this.renderSearch.bind(spotify)  <- sets this to whatever we pass to bind

LinkedIn Tips:
21% unemp in Spain. largest in Europe. 50% of the young are unemp
only 5% unemp in IT. More positions than candidates
140k Euro in Oslo; 40k here
Spain/BCn good combination of cheapness/skill; better than skill
Look on Linkedin for the CTO
Title should be more like Where u want to be/what u want to do
put email visibly so people can contact you for free
follow the different groups such as Ruby on Rails
:use word Developer not software dev; use Dev in Experience snippet "I am jason I am a developer"
Make it easy for the recruiters to find you
COnsqeuences of a dynamic where all senior devs have real chance to strike out on their own startups; established companies have hard time hiring snr devs.


wuaki.tv
*goog* How companies use keyword search on linkedin

--Front end vs Fullstack/Ruby?
